# Shipment

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**VendorShipmentIdentifier** | **string** | Unique Transportation ID created by Vendor (Should not be used over the last 365 days). | [default to null]
**TransactionType** | **string** | Indicates the type of  transportation request such as (New,Cancel,Confirm and PackageLabelRequest). Each transactiontype has a unique set of operation and there are corresponding details to be populated for each operation. | [default to null]
**BuyerReferenceNumber** | **string** | The buyer Reference Number is a unique identifier generated by buyer for all Collect/WePay shipments when you submit a transportation request. This field is mandatory for Collect/WePay shipments. | [optional] [default to null]
**TransactionDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | Date on which the transportation request was submitted. | [default to null]
**CurrentShipmentStatus** | **string** | Indicates the current shipment status. | [optional] [default to null]
**CurrentshipmentStatusDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | Date and time when the last status was updated. | [optional] [default to null]
**ShipmentStatusDetails** | [**[]ShipmentStatusDetails**](ShipmentStatusDetails.md) | Indicates the list of current shipment status details and when the last update was received from carrier this is available on shipment Details response. | [optional] [default to null]
**ShipmentCreateDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The date and time of the shipment request created by vendor. | [optional] [default to null]
**ShipmentConfirmDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The date and time of the departure of the shipment from the vendor&#x27;s location. Vendors are requested to send ASNs within 30 minutes of departure from their warehouse/distribution center or at least 6 hours prior to the appointment time at the Buyer destination warehouse, whichever is sooner. Shipped date mentioned in the shipment confirmation should not be in the future. | [optional] [default to null]
**PackageLabelCreateDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The date and time of the package label created for the shipment by buyer. | [optional] [default to null]
**ShipmentFreightTerm** | **string** | Indicates if this transportation request is WePay/Collect or TheyPay/Prepaid. This is a mandatory information. | [optional] [default to null]
**SellingParty** | [***PartyIdentification**](PartyIdentification.md) |  | [default to null]
**ShipFromParty** | [***PartyIdentification**](PartyIdentification.md) |  | [default to null]
**ShipToParty** | [***PartyIdentification**](PartyIdentification.md) |  | [default to null]
**ShipmentMeasurements** | [***TransportShipmentMeasurements**](TransportShipmentMeasurements.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**CollectFreightPickupDetails** | [***CollectFreightPickupDetails**](collectFreightPickupDetails.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**PurchaseOrders** | [**[]PurchaseOrders**](purchaseOrders.md) | Indicates the purchase orders involved for the transportation request. This group is an array create 1 for each PO and list their corresponding items. This information is used for deciding the route,truck allocation and storage efficiently. This is a mandatory information for Buyer performing transportation from vendor warehouse (WePay/Collect) | [optional] [default to null]
**ImportDetails** | [***ImportDetails**](ImportDetails.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Containers** | [**[]Containers**](containers.md) | A list of the items in this transportation and their associated inner container details. If any of the item detail fields are common at a carton or a pallet level, provide them at the corresponding carton or pallet level. | [optional] [default to null]
**TransportationDetails** | [***TransportationDetails**](TransportationDetails.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

